Add troubleshooting steps for Permission Denied while accessing files or directories (#3151)
GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse: docs/troubleshooting.md

The path can be configured by using the mount flag [--temp-dir](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/cloud-storage-fuse/cli-options) to a path which has the disk space if available. By default, it takes the `/tmp` directory of the machine. (sometimes may be limited depending on the machine ).

Alternatively, from [GCSFuse version 2.9.1](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse/releases/tag/v2.9.1) onwards, writes can be configured with streaming writes feature ( which doesnt involve staging the file locally ) with the help of `--enable-streaming-writes` flag

### Permission Denied When Accessing a Mounted File or Directory

By default, GCSFuse assigns file-mode 0644 and dir-mode 0755 for mounted files and directories. As a result, other users (such as third-party clients or the root user) may not have the necessary permissions to access the mounted file system. To resolve this issue, you can modify the permissions using the following options:

- **Adjust File and Directory Permissions:**
Use the `--file-mode` and `--dir-mode` flags to set the appropriate file and directory permissions when mounting.
- **Allow Access for Other Users:**

> Add the `allow_other` flag to grant access to users beyond the default owner.

Reviewer: Can you check if a user other than root can pass the allow_other option? IIRC it doesn't work.

Reviewer 2: sudo is not required, `/etc/fuse.conf` file should have `user_allow_other`  config. We can add this @vipnydav

Author: To enable the allow_other option for users other than root we need to modify this file `/etc/fuse.conf` and uncomment 
#user_allow_other
and to performing this edit needs root permission.

> Add the `allow_other` flag to grant access to users beyond the default owner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the `-o allow_other` flag to grant access to users beyond the default owner.
```

allow_other flag has some security implications (linked on semantics doc - https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/a33f32244d8550da8b4a26e277ce07d5c6d158b5/Documentation/filesystems/fuse.txt#L218-L310)

please mention them explicitly here too

The path can be configured by using the mount flag [--temp-dir](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/cloud-storage-fuse/cli-options) to a path which has the disk space if available. By default, it takes the `/tmp` directory of the machine. (sometimes may be limited depending on the machine ).

Alternatively, from [GCSFuse version 2.9.1](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse/releases/tag/v2.9.1) onwards, writes can be configured with streaming writes feature ( which doesnt involve staging the file locally ) with the help of `--enable-streaming-writes` flag

### Permission Denied When Accessing a Mounted File or Directory

By default, GCSFuse assigns file-mode 0644 and dir-mode 0755 for mounted files and directories. As a result, other users (such as third-party clients or the root user) may not have the necessary permissions to access the mounted file system. To resolve this issue, you can modify the permissions using the following options:

- **Adjust File and Directory Permissions:**
Use the `--file-mode` and `--dir-mode` flags to set the appropriate file and directory permissions when mounting.
- **Allow Access for Other Users:**

> To allow users other than the one who mounted the bucket to access it, use the `-o allow_other` flag during the mount process. Additionally, the `user_allow_other` option must be enabled in the `/etc/fuse.conf` file for this to work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow users other than the mounting user to access the bucket, use the `-o allow_other` flag during the mount process. Additionally, for this flag to function, the `user_allow_other` option must be enabled in the `/etc/fuse.conf` file, or the gcsfuse command must be run with `sudo`.```

> To allow users other than the mounting user to access the bucket, use the `-o allow_other` flag during the mount process. Additionally, for this flag to function, the `user_allow_other` option must be enabled in the `/etc/fuse.conf` file, or the gcsfuse command must be run with `sudo`.```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow users other than the mounting user to access the bucket, use the `-o allow_other` flag during the mount process. Additionally, for this flag to function, the `user_allow_other` option must be enabled in the `/etc/fuse.conf` file, or the gcsfuse command must be run with `sudo`.

```

The path can be configured by using the mount flag [--temp-dir](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/cloud-storage-fuse/cli-options) to a path which has the disk space if available. By default, it takes the `/tmp` directory of the machine. (sometimes may be limited depending on the machine ).

Alternatively, from [GCSFuse version 2.9.1](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse/releases/tag/v2.9.1) onwards, writes can be configured with streaming writes feature ( which doesnt involve staging the file locally ) with the help of `--enable-streaming-writes` flag

### Permission Denied When Accessing a Mounted File or Directory

By default, GCSFuse assigns file-mode 0644 and dir-mode 0755 for mounted files and directories. As a result, other users (such as third-party clients or the root user) may not have the necessary permissions to access the mounted file system. To resolve this issue, you can modify the permissions using the following options:

- **Adjust File and Directory Permissions:**
Use the `--file-mode` and `--dir-mode` flags to set the appropriate file and directory permissions when mounting.
- **Allow Access for Other Users:**

> To allow users other than the mounting user to access the bucket, use the `-o allow_other` flag during the mount process. Additionally, for this flag to function, the `user_allow_other` option must be enabled in the `/etc/fuse.conf` file, or the gcsfuse command must be run with `sudo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow users other than the mounting user to access the bucket, use the `-o allow_other` flag during the mount process. Additionally, for this flag to function, the `user_allow_other` option must be enabled in the `/etc/fuse.conf` file, or the gcsfuse command must be run as the root user.
```
